Update Rule “investigate-your-question-for-two-minutes-before-asking-someone-on-im/rule” (#5143)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/investigate-your-question-for-two-minutes-before-asking-someone-on-im/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Interruptions - Do you investigate your question for 2 minutes before
  asking someone on IM?
uri: investigate-your-question-for-two-minutes-before-asking-someone-on-im
authors:
  - title: Adam Cogan
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan
related: []
redirects:
  - interruptions-do-you-investigate-your-question-for-2-minutes-before-asking-someone-on-im
created: 2015-10-05T05:42:39.000Z
archivedreason: null
guid: a876466b-f24d-4393-840d-cbd12946121e
---
Always do a quick investigation before asking for help. When asking a question using IM, always start your conversation with "I have googled this and no luck".

IM can interrupt a person when they are busy, so make sure that you are well prepared and have tried to find the solution another way first.

<!--endintro-->

> Its good practice to open your conversation with what investigation you have done. It will save the other person repeating work unnecessarily and is also a prompter for you to do the initial investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's good practice to open your conversation with what investigation you have done. It will save the other person repeating work unnecessarily and is also a good prompt for you to do the initial investigation.
```
